Update LLM on playground docs (#235)
DefangLabs/defang-docs: docs/concepts/managed-llms/managed-language-models.md

## Managed LLM on Playground

> If you are using the Managed LLM feature on [Defang Playground](/docs/concepts.defang-playground), please note that your `MODEL` (model ID) will be limited to `us.amazon.nova-micro-v1:0`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be `ai/nova-micro` then?
```suggestion
If you are using the Managed LLM feature on [Defang Playground](/docs/concepts.defang-playground), please note that your `MODEL` (model ID) will be limited to `ai/nova-micro`.
```

Author: see comment outside of thread
